Welcome, listeners new and less new.
I've been informed by my producer that it is perfectly fine for anyone to start right
here if they want to.
No previous episodes are required.
These next four episodes, they are here for all of you, dear listeners.
However, the previous episodes are pretty good, so I've been told.
I still have not gotten access to a smart device to listen to these so-called podcasts
I hear y'all screeching about.
Feel free to go back to the start of season two, or heck, even go all the way back to
season one.
Okay, now that I got that stuff out of the way, I can properly introduce myself.
I am DJ Wolf the Dog, and you are listening to the radio station known as 694.2 PTBP,
the crustiest and mustiest radio station this side of the Great Lake.
You all know the one.
I heard it's got fish in it.
Now we hear it pretending to be people love to receive fan mail in the form of electronic
mail.
When I get one I like, I go ahead and scream it out loud in everyone's favorite segment,
Howlin' with Wolf.
This very special edition of Howlin' with Wolf is one of those breathtakingly beautiful
five-star reviews from Apple Podcast, and it's from I gots a cool in Great Britain.
If you talk about wolf in your five-star review, I just might howl at two.
I gots a cool rights.
This show is just the real deal.
Stellar writing and an amazing cast.
Just finished the first season in all of the extra one shots and about to start season
two.
Thank you for providing me with entertainment whilst I drive my forklift every night for
the last couple months.
And thank you for inspiring me to run my own Delta Green scenario.
Keep up that good work.
This bit's just for you, Wolf.
Keep on howlin' the way you do.
Ain't nobody eatin' the trash quite like you.
Well, thank you, dear listener.
Your review makes the sparkle in my producer's eyes shine once more, and I can say I also
appreciate the things you said to me.
I hope you have fun liftin' them forks.
Sounds like a dream job to ol' Wolfie.
If you want to write up something for your wolf to howl, tag at pretending pod on an
Instagram story or an Instagram post, or tag at pretending pod on a Twitter tweet, or tag
pretending to be people on a Facebook post or a Facebook comment on a post, or like you
heard before, write up a five-star review and mention this here wolf.
Howl!
Cough cough cough.
Welcome back to 694.2 PTBP.
You're listening to Wolf the Dog, and I am, what, I'm having a premonition?
Oh gods, what is this?
If you can hear me, just imagine what I'm seeing.
I see a boring hotel conference room.
It's so ugly, and there's a nerd in there, and he's an archaeologist, a public speaker,
a crystal doctor or something.
I don't know, but definitely a nerd, and there's something else.
In a hotel room, there's a skinny man in a boss man suit with greased back, slicked back
hair, and he's watching someone die, get murdered, geez louise.
What's next?
Oh my, it's the jungle, so jungly, so viney, y'all miss vine sometimes, no more premonitions,
only vague and subtle hints through the gift of song.
It's Hudson Freeman with Muscles R. Springs.
If it's some consolation, I was thinking the same thing.
I am now mechanization, all my muscles work like swings.
What's up everybody, we're back here pretending to be people with another short story within
the larger story of season two, and we are going to take you on a small journey within
the city, along with a special guest.
You might know her from the Good Time Society, you might know her from Dimension 20, Black
Dice Society, her work with Wizards of the Coast, Magic the Gathering, her Twitch channel,
Geek and Sundry, her appearances on Glass Cannon Podcast, it's Becca Scott.
Oh my God, you made me sound so fancy.
I guess I did do all that stuff.
I think you might be fancy.
I'm retiring, gotta go.
She lived a long and storied career and she's gone, we got our last words here at pretending
to be people.
Rest in peace.
You might die when you retire.
You might as well.
Actually.
I never met a retired person.
In today's content-driven society, even my grandpa has an OnlyFans.
Oh shit.
Oh shit, what's that like?
He does his lawn work shirtless.
He does it for free, you can just go see him do it.
It's just like a lemonade stand box, but it says OnlyFans.
Well he doesn't want people who aren't fans giving him money, that'd be weird.
Yeah he doesn't accept charity.
Like a true American.
It's a generational thing, yeah.
That upholds the Christian values I know this show espouses.
That's exactly right.
We were telling Becca before we started that we're the only Christian Delta Green podcast.
And I said praise Jesus.
More or less true.
Thank God.
I was going to try and save you all, but here you are already saved, doing the Lord's work.
That's exactly right, which is why I've called this scenario Holy Cow Farms.
And we're playing Delta Green.
We're playing the game that we play, which is our version of Delta Green.
We explained it to Becca in a short condensed version right before we got on this call.
We've explained it to you occasionally on this podcast as well.
Once or twice.
Here and there.
The best RPG players and dungeon masters I've ever met will always look straight to Cameron
and say, this is a homebrewed rule.
For the no one else.
Well we like to play it by the book, rules as written.
That's right.
And that's what we'll be doing tonight.
And we get really mad if you break a rule or do something wrong.
That's right.
And if you call us out on it online, you're wrong.
You're wrong.
Yeah, we will mobilize our armory of Tweetbots.
Two stars.
They don't follow the rules.
Too political.
Way too much Jesus.
Yeah, we got a pretty sick two star review the other day.
It was great because nothing in it was wrong.
That's the best kind of review.
Yeah, it was like, okay, this is not for this person.
That's all fair enough.
They described our podcast very accurately.
I like that Thomas said, well, they had to give it up for the quality of the show, even
though they disagree with our politics and give us that second star.
Well, they listen all the way through, so kudos.
So let's get into Holy Cow Farms.
We see a stale room lit by fluorescent lighting.
It is filled with chairs and a long aisle that goes down the middle.
There are people scattered about.
It's a decent crowd, but not anything that the speaker would text a picture of the crowd
to their mom that's not overcrowded.
Anyone else?
Text pictures of crowds to your mom to brag.
Hey mom, look where I am.
You'll never be here, you bitch.
Oh no, different mom.
Because of your agoraphobia.
Above in big letters, it says City Science, City Science Conference.
City Science Society presents the City Science Conference.
20,002.
Damn.
And standing at the podium, what do we see, Joe?
You see a guy who is wearing a tweed coat with a button down and a sweater vest
and he's got well-kempt hair and he's pretty fit
and he is addressing the crowd at a podium there.
Yes, and I can confirm that this is indeed a significant find.
The workers were able to break through the ground there
and they were smart and to immediately notify me
and I went over to take a look and it was, in fact...
And you click over to the next slide on your presentation?
This.
It's a chunk of stone with some writing on it
but it's not writing that is familiar to anyone.
It looks significant.
And we do believe, I do believe, that you will be reading about this find
in your history books from here on out.
It's the first of its kind and it does prove, in fact,
that there is a civilization that was once here and long forgotten.
Now it will take some time to get more facts to you
but at this time I can confirm it has been found.
Everyone stands, whooping applause.
Yeah! Rocks!
Well, that's a find.
And as someone says, that's a find, in the audience
we cut to a hotel room, seemingly above where this conference is taking place
sometime later as we see this same dignified academic.
The person who you are with is a large, squat woman
who is in her late 20s
and she has a broken nose.
It's like off to the side.
One of her eyes is looking up at you as the other one stares at the blank TV
as she's sitting at the foot of this bed.
He's a little more disheveled now and there's empty gin bottles
on the table in the hotel room there.
He says,
I guess I did the thing you wanted, right? Are we done?
You did an excellent job, Shelly.
And I deeply appreciate you handling it with a certain amount of grace and aplomb.
It's very kind and nice and I think that we're going to work well together, do you agree?
Of course! I do your job for me.
She gives you a knowing look that's kind of a hint of confidence
and assuredness in herself, but also just a foreknowledge of what saying yes to this life means.
And she kind of nods and says,
Alright, well, don't feel like a fish, you know?
It's not any way to live, but hide away your pain, I suppose, if you want to.
Do you know how many friends I've taken aside and said,
don't feel like a fish?
I just don't want you to be flopping around on one of these hotel beds one of these days.
No, I'm fine. Just celebrating is done.
She nods again, heads out the door. As the door closes, we see...
You said that the magazine pizza come out when?
She slams the door on your drunk ass and with the door slamming on it,
a text across reads, 20 years ago.
The same door opens up, but we see different people inside an identical room.
Luke, what does your guy look like?
Vincenti Boro. Bori. Something.
I mean, now's the time to choose.
I had to check and from over here, it is an I. Bori.
Just average height, but very skinny, wiry man with slick back, greased back hair,
kind of eyes that are a little too big for his head, kind of slightly bugged out.
And he's wearing a very, very nice three piece suit,
just black with like little hints of red accents and white undershirt,
very well dressed and manicured.
And this very nicely dressed and manicured man is standing next to the same woman
that we saw in the previous room.
And she's got one eye on you and her other eye is planted firmly on the person
who is laying down in the bed with a pillow over their face.
And as she pulls the trigger on the gun and red begins to expand out slowly
from the top of the pillow, we cut back to Vincent Bori living his life in his home.
What does that look like?
Vincent is cleaning up after his grandkids that are running around,
making a mess in his very, very nice apartment.
And once the mess is all cleaned up, fast forwards, the sun goes down,
it's nighttime and he's looking up at the stars through his telescope.
As you look up through the telescope and into the stars or the other way around.
The stars are looking at me.
You're looking at a particular set of stars.
They've really taken your attention.
Damn, nice stars.
Look at them stars.
And they begin to move.
Slowly at first, one of them just darts down to the bottom left of your view.
Another one jumps from that area up to the top right.
What the fuck is going on up there?
And he gets out a pen and paper and starts furiously taking notes.
And as you're taking notes.
And just as the stars are moving.
Good notes.
We cut to a picture of the notes as you're scribbling them.
You've got different stars and then you start connecting all of these dots.
And it makes your classic five pointed star with a circle all the way around it.
And on the inside there are a couple stars.
And you're not sure what to make of just two stars in the middle.
But that's what it is.
After he connects all those he looks at it and he snaps a pic on his phone.
And starts sending it out and reverse Google image searching.
2002.
Even earlier maybe.
He flips his phone open.
And not even.
Unfortunately nope.
You could have a digital camera.
Even a decent one.
And then you take out the SD and upload it to your computer.
He starts writing letters.
With a drawing in it.
With an ink pen.
With a quill ink pen.
Oh like he'd use.
He's replicating the image.
And he's going to do some research on scientists.
We cut to a montage of you at different colleges.
You in libraries.
And then eventually we.
Somehow all of this knowledge brings you to this point in this hotel room.
And as she pulls the trigger with one eye on you.
Well I appreciate you bringing this to my attention.
You're quite welcome.
You know I could have done that without the noise and the blood.
But yeah yeah I appreciate you too.
I just wanted to show you here at the top that you know.
I'm not unwilling to join in.
Get my hands dirty okay.
I'm not going to be one of those aloof handlers.
Who's just you know.
Not able to handle any of your business.
Because they're too busy with their own shit.
I want to be.
I want to be helpful.
I want to be good.
Do you?
Right.
Well in my family it's all back scratches.
She scratches your back.
And I scratch hers.
Alright.
In my family we don't hug.
We don't shake hands.
So that's what people mean when they say that.
It's all back scratches.
And as the backs are being scratched.
We go.
The camera goes deep into the textiles of the shirt.
That Vincenti Bori is wearing.
And through on the other side we see a jungle.
The bottom that says ten years ago.
And then over the top like you do in a movie.
The characters walk over the camera into view away.
And we see a squad.
We see a team of archaeologists with equipment.
And there's a security personnel squad as well.
Who is at the lead of that security squad?
Jimmy Corrigan.
And what does Jimmy Corrigan look like?
Jimmy Corrigan is about six foot two though ten years ago.
Can you talk soft louder?
He has a high and tight haircut.
Yeah there it is baby.
I'm going to have to abandon this voice.
He has a high and tight haircut at pretty much all times.
And ten years from now it's going to be a little less up top.
I'm not just doing Luke's voice am I?
I don't think so.
I haven't done the voice enough to have really established one.
I think he's leading this column straight out of a
it looks like a Jurassic Park team or some shit right?
Yeah absolutely.
And he like holds a hand up to bring everybody to a stop.
It's completely silent except for.
Skeet, skeet.
Just normal jungle noises.
Tree sounds, tree sounds.
And up to the right of you we all see a man who has frozen
but he's done so in just like an extravagantly dramatic way.
He's dressed.
He is I promise.
I fucking guarantee you.
It's a Christian podcast.
Unfortunately.
He's a tall wiry man in his late twenties.
He's got a short beard and hands stained with dirt.
He's wearing a flannel shirt, cargo pants, rugged boots.
He's got a well worn backpack and a faded grey brown cowboy hat.
And the tip of his shovel kind of glints and gives you a ding
to show the sharpness at the tip of the shovel.
I turn back and I look at, Joe what's your character's name?
It's Shelley St. Blythe.
Shelley you know when he's standing there like that
I just can't help but feel like he's just got a lot more like magnetism and charisma.
It's weird.
I hope that's not an odd thing to say.
Shelley's dabbing himself with a hanky.
Oh yeah no if you like that sort of thing sure.
No I don't. I really don't. I just think the general public.
After you were drinking you kind of told me about how he gets the articles.
And I'm just saying I think that's why.
That used to be me god damn it.
I know maybe just be a little more.
Oh man if you could keep it down.
Dr. Brock Hargrave says as he takes off his hat, his cowboy hat,
holds it to his chest and gives you the most earnest look you've ever seen.
How do you keep all that hair under there?
It falls out luxuriously.
And we are here to, we got to say thank you to Nathan in Texas
who is a patron at the $10 or up level on patreon.com slash pretending pod
who made Dr. Brock Hargrave.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
Thanks for making him so handsome with that sharp shovel.
Oh absolute sharp shoveler this guy and Nathan big thank you.
Okay so Dr. Brock Hargrave is kind of giving you the looks
and then he looks back and looks at everyone and he says,
crew, I think I found it.
And he shoves his digging tool into the, he thrusts it into the ground.
Sorry.
Thank you.
Good stop.
He puts his, he jumps, he jumps on the, he starts to shovel.
He shoves his shovel.
He shoves it hard.
And he fucks the earth.
Metaphorically speaking.
With his dick-like shovel.
The head on that shovel.
Open the virgin earth.
Jesus Christ.
And with that, yeah, you don't hear the traditional, you know,
ground jungle floor noise as he puts it in.
And there's a bing, bing.
And as he twists the shovel, one of the trees behind him moves.
That's what I'm talking about.
Like that is fantastic.
I got to give it up for that.
God damn it.
That was incredible.
As impressive as that was, Dr. Hargrave,
you really got to get down from there.
The big cats are out at this time of the evening.
Where we are.
I think that was just one of the babies,
but that means the mama is sure to be close.
And you hear a rumble, like a great big meow,
coming from inside the clearing that this tree has made.
God damn it.
I'm going to have to kill a majestic beast of the untamed wilds
because Dr. Hargrave couldn't wait until the morning.
It's Hargrave.
And as the crew walks through this opening,
you see a temple that is in ruin.
And you see columns.
And you see a massive statue of a jungle cannon.
And it groans again.
Dr. Hargrave, you better get back from there.
And I cautiously approach the statue with my rifle pointed at it.
It is a statue.
And you approach it with your rifle.
Dr. Brock Hargrave is sneaking up on his hands and knees up next to you.
What an impish way to do that.
There's a plaque written in some strange language
at the base, the pedestal of the statue.
He is unrolling this piece of parchment
and with a crayon begins rubbing out of the corner of my eye.
I see that and I think, cool.
This guy has his own parchment.
We cut to the entire escort, the entire crew of this archaeological dig
running for your lives.
As you make your way out of this tree clearing,
the tree falls behind you.
Dr. Hargrave, what the hell is that thing?
I don't know.
As he stuffs this kind of manuscript back into his backpack
as you guys are running.
St. Blythe is lagging behind,
but he's able to kind of stumble his way up to Corrigan.
Corrigan.
We're paying you to keep us safe.
You must keep us safe.
I fucking thought I was going to keep you safe from wild animals or poachers.
I didn't know what the fuck that was.
I've never seen anything like that in my life.
We cut back to you guys in an airplane hangar in a different country,
and this woman walks up to you.
She's quite fit.
Shelly, you actually recognize the broken nose
and wandering eye of the handler you had met 10 years ago as she approaches.
Jimmy, is it?
Yeah, Sergeant James Corrigan, retired.
Appreciate your silence moving forward on what you saw back there, yeah?
He nods.
May I ask why?
Do you think that the world is ready to see that?
He thinks about his wife, whom he loves,
and his two newborn babies.
Nice pond.
Yeah.
Really, at this point, it's a great pond.
And he kind of shudders, and he says, no, ma'am.
Well, then I'd say, do you want to maybe join us again one day if duty calls?
He nods and extends his hand.
As the hands shake, we cut away.
What's this woman's deal, though?
Why does she sound 80 in everything?
I was laughing when you first started doing it.
Is it Jennifer Jason Leigh from Annihilation?
Yes!
Okay.
Well done.
Well, I mean, I wouldn't have gotten that if I hadn't just watched it with you.
Just watched it with me?
Yeah.
Great film.
Also, I was thinking of using a character like her for the other campaign.
She's such a good character, and now she's mine.
Yep.
All right.
And as the hands shake, we do that wild, old-school Batman transition
where the entire screen's still going.
And it says, June 25th, 2022, 10 days ago.
And the camera pans up on an old Victorian home that has seen much, much better times.
It sits just outside of the city.
And after it says June 25th, 10 days ago, comma, or no, underneath it, nice.
Good formatting.
It says...
The best filmmakers like to storyboard live.
What does it say in Becca Scott?
It says, The Hold.
The Hold?
This dump of a house has boards crisscrossed over every window,
spray paint covering most of the exterior walls saying,
Keep out and hobos will kill you in here.
And other things people would definitely spray paint on the outside of this abandoned house
that is obviously holding some derelicts.
You know, the dregs of society, but a family to one another.
First, we peer into a bedroom window on the second floor,
and it's got the dirtiest bear mattress you've ever seen lying on the ground,
newspapers taped up to every wall, red strings attaching them,
but then sort of like a ball of string never really finished its initial job.
Somebody just decided to get really stoned in the middle of whatever they were working on.
A lot of unfinished projects, but a lot of things left to be uncovered in this room
as you see a ladder hit against the window sill,
and a mess of wiry black hair peeps up over the side.
Hey fish face, you in here?
Uh, yeah.
Laughter
Check out my score.
The army surplus green rucksack she always carries lands in the living room
before she slings the leg over the sill and you see this tiny bit of a woman.
Meat hook.
Emeline Meat Hook Pennyworth, but just known by Meat Hook,
is gaunt and thin, pale skin, beady, darting eyes,
always sizing up every wall of the room, every exit before stepping into it
with kind of squirrel-like movements and doesn't trust nobody.
Wowie zowie, Meat Hook. That's quite the take.
Yeah, look at all this top ramen. I scored like 20, 30 packs. You see this?
This is the good shit I'm telling you, fish face. We're gonna eat like kings.
Oh, we're gonna be full to our gillyworths.
That's right, just like we always say, full to the gillyworths.
You know something, fish face?
What's that?
Even though it's never gonna work out romantically between us
and we've made that very clear.
That makes sense.
You're the only person I can trust.
Cause you're too dumb to ever lie to me.
That's enough for me.
Me too, buddy. Me too. Here, crunch some of this up.
She just bites into a brick of dry ramen and passes it his way.
He pours out some of the powder and does a quick line.
Line of what?
Oh, fish face, of seasoning.
The ramen seasoning.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I like it when it gets all up into my nasal packages
and then I can only taste this shrimp lime for a week.
You're weird as fuck, fish face, but I like it.
Are you reassessing the romantic?
He's a little freak.
No, not like that. I told you, not like that. Shut up and eat your ramen.
Becca, when you were describing your character,
I was thinking the whole time like,
oh, this is what a professional role player sounds like.
She even got her name right on the first try.
That's a pro. That's a pro.
That's called reading from the notes.
Oh my God.
We ought to give that a shot sometime.
I tried it. I got to Dr. Brock.
All right, if I could get an alertness check from Meat Hook.
Heck yeah. First check of the game.
First check of the game.
Alertness. Okay, I got a 50. Let's see.
That's a fail. 75.
From behind you, without you even noticing,
which I mean immediately puts the hairs on the back of your neck
at the opposite of ease, you hear a woman's voice from behind you.
I saw that was quite a grab there.
She stands up quick and flips out her butterfly knife
and does a four point flip maneuver.
Who the freak are you?
That's some pretty impressive moves there, Emmeline.
I appreciate you being about your wits.
She steps forward menacingly and says, the name's Meat Hook.
Meat Hook it is.
Then she pulls open her bottom lip and there's a tattoo of like, you know,
of Meat Hooks.
Of Meat Hook.
Upton Sinclair's The Jungle.
The entire text.
Yeah, yeah.
Real small, like one of those rice art things.
Which in tattoo form inside the mouth is never going to be legible.
Really impressive though for a stick and poke.
Especially since Fish Hook did it.
He can't even spell good.
Fish face?
Yes.
With one eye on Meat Hook and the other eye on her fishy little friend,
who's a human.
I'll just say that since we're playing Delta Green.
I'm imagining a full on fish.
She is looking at you.
Her nose is extremely crooked off to one side and this woman is gaunt.
This woman is skin and bones.
You think dripping wet.
She wouldn't even weigh two stone.
What's two stone?
Not a lot.
You should know before you say it.
Forty pounds?
Oh, not even forty pounds.
That's not good at all.
Not even four stone.
Maybe four stone.
This is a three year old.
Somebody feed this kid.
Your handler has Benjamin buttoned.
No, but she has seemingly shrunk.
She is extremely, extremely gaunt.
And Meat Hook, my name is Esther or Ruth or Solomon or Lazarus,
whatever you need it to be right now.
I guess you can call me Esther.
A lot of people got a lot of names in this house so it's not so weird.
Exactly.
You're used to it.
And what else you're used to is putting your life on the line for things
that matter.
Is that right?
How do you know that about me?
Nobody looks at me and knows that I do good stuff.
Fish face like looking longingly in the corner.
I see.
I see you.
Shut up, fish face.
Yes, ma'am.
Becca, what is something that someone could know if they'd been watching
Meat Hook for some time, but no one in the house would know,
something that you keep a secret?
Oh, then no one in the house knows.
She likes to appear in the window at a children's afterschool program
and watch them finger paint because she never got to have that one-on-one
personal attention when she was a kid.
That's sad.
Damn.
Wow.
I know more than, oh nope, did the fish.
What do you know, fish face?
Little combo there.
I know more than you think you might think that I might know about you.
Nobody knows more than they think I might know about them.
I think you'd be surprised if you were to know how much that I know about
what you think I don't know that I know about you,
which is that I know that you stand outside that window every Thursday
afternoon right at finger painting time.
That's what I know.
How the fuck do you know that?
I know a lot and I can help.
You're going to get me some finger paints?
I got all the paint I need and I point to a whole collection of graffiti
can spray paints.
I don't need nothing from no skinny one-eyed broken nose freak.
Whoa, that's not nice.
What do you think that I can give?
Because I think you'd be surprised once again at what I can offer.
What do you want here at the hold?
What's your biggest dream?
You know, we've been working for a while.
We're trying to bring down the man in a lot of ways.
We're starting a revolution.
We want people to know what's out there,
that the government is run by lizard people.
As true as that may be,
we got to take it one bite at a time on our way to the top.
And I've got a job that needs skills with your persuasion.
I could help the hold, whether it's providing more ramen,
that way you don't have to make as many runs like you do,
or whether it's putting our sights on something big,
maybe you got your hopes up for.
Well, I guess we could use running water in the hold.
That's within your capability.
Also, ramen, I heard you could get ramen where the noodles are soft.
I've heard tell.
Only seen it through a window.
How soft do you want them?
I want it to mush in, to dissipate.
As soon as I touch it, it's so soft.
I'll give you a mouthfeel, girl.
And you got to deal with it.
You got to deal with it.
I'm in.
The people that I'm bringing to this aren't going to want you in here.
I'm just telling you right now.
I'm used to that.
Someone just watched Andor.
It's just based on the character that you made.
It's just those patches on your jacket there.
What do you mean the character I made?
I'm just, you know, it's the choices you made with your life.
As we look down and see the outfit I forgot to describe.
Which is a ripped, white ribbed tank.
Stained and dirty.
Black ripped jeans.
And of course, never leaves the house without her leather jacket.
Covered in studs with a big anarchy A on back.
You were noticing my patches?
Yeah, why don't you give us a rundown on some of those?
The Lizards Are Here is obviously prominently featured on front.
Let's see, I got this one.
It says fluoride is making your teeth fall out.
That one's true too.
Ask me for more info.
That's a big one.
Yeah.
That's huge.
What else?
You know, milk isn't just for kids.
I made that one myself.
I'm not sure where I'm going with it.
I like that one best, personally.
Here's the deal.
This job, it's about getting some of this information out about some of these alternative things.
These three other agents that I'm bringing in on this job.
They're all about keeping all of this business under wraps.
Keeping it hidden from the world.
I need you to be on that side of things for just this one mission.
You can keep spouting off your rhetoric, however you see fit outside.
This should only take, you know, one, maybe four sessions.
When you say sessions.
Okay, Esther, no.
That's where I gotta say no.
If there's one thing I can't do, it's put the kaput on.
I'm not a kaputter putter oner.
I'm not a kaputter taker offer, you know what I mean?
I unveil the truth.
What, do you want to blow the top off, kid?
All of it. I don't even know yet.
Look at this article.
It says governor unveils new nuclear power plant.
You think that's all that's in that building?
I've broken in.
Well, I couldn't get into a lot of the locked doors, but I'm going to find out more.
Look at this article.
I did find this guy with a fish head.
He just goes around the room pointing at normal, everyday announcements for the public
and strings leading to nowhere yet again.
One day I'll put it all together. I know there's a big master plan.
Well, you may not be wrong about that either, but now I appreciate your, you know,
the story arc that you're on saying no to this right off the bat, but...
How do we turn that smile upside down?
All right.
That's one of her patches.
If I keep my mouth shut and I help you with your thing, not only will you get running water for the whole of the hold.
That's right.
Can you get me a soft ramen?
And finger painting?
Finger painting too.
And any more information on any of these flipping through some of these articles, these dead ends,
I can give you a through street.
You got yourself a deal, Esther.
She puts out a feeble bony hand in your direction.
I crush it with my handshake.
Can I unarmed combat her?
Hell yeah.
Yeah, you can.
Oh yeah.
That's a 40.
We got it.
That beats the 30 that I rolled.
And so go ahead and roll a D4 minus one.
That's a three, including the minus one.
Three is a lot.
I'm really sorry.
As you crunch the bone in her hand, she begins to faint and hits the ground.
Fish face, catch her.
Fish face slides underneath, making a moist palette for her limp body to fall on.
Quick, spit on that ramen to make a pillow.
And with that, we cut to.
You've all been invited to a Bible study.
Oh no.
You know that it is an invitation to an operation due to the nature of the invitation.
It is delivered by email from watchingthestreetatgmail.com.
It says that you are invited to a Bible study on Tuesday, July 5, 2022 at 8 Oak Avenue at 8.36 p.m.
Shelley finds his in his bar cart that is an intricate carved globe that opens up at the halfway mark at the hemisphere.
Is there a computer inside of it?
No, it's just nice glasses.
And there's an envelope sitting there because that's where they know that he'll always find their missives.
It's an email.
Yeah, he said it was an email.
I was wondering why the computer thing happened.
Jimmy doesn't check his email and doesn't find his and doesn't go on this operation.
Well, I guess none of us find the invitation.
This has been another short story.
Thank you so much for joining us.
It went straight to the spam filter and countless lies were lost.
Yeah, Shelley's butler printed it out for him.
That's the name of his dog.
We need to arrive. We need to arrive at this house.
So who gets there first?
Would anyone scope out the place before?
Oh, you know.
Yeah, I kind of thought.
Good hook be scoping.
Okay, so I was at the library naturally because Esther told me, look out for an email.
And I said, cool, I'll make an email address.
Awesome.
What's that?
Oh.
What's the A with the circle around it?
The UFOs are right above you at yahoo.com.
Perfect.
So this is a Bible study.
It ate oak av.
I know these streets of the city.
Avenue is spelled out.
There's no oak av like the back of my hand and I go by sewer to get there.
Nice.
Awesome.
So we see a street with a house on it that has, it's a ranch style house.
Two car garage has a basketball hoop concreted in next to the driveway.
And the landscaping at one time was well done, but has very much gone to shit.
It hasn't been mowed in weeks and it's July.
And you pop your head out of one of these little drainage ditches on the side of the
road with direct eye contact with the front of this house.
And you see a foreclosure sign is in the yard of eight oak avenue.
Avenue spelled all the way out in all of your emails.
There's a Jeep parked across the street and it's been there for a couple hours.
And Jimmy Corrigan sees this like urchin pop her head out of the, uh, out of the sewer
and gets suddenly like, thanks.
Maybe the perimeter has been compromised.
Doesn't know what's going on, but he's swivels his binoculars from his house to a
meat hook.
You see meat hook roll struggle out of the drainage hole, roll down the street and then
pull out a can of spray paint from her bag and just spray paint an X in the middle of
the street and then kiss it for good luck.
Who is rolling up as this middle of the street is being spray painted as meat hook is popping
out of the sewer, Vincent or Vincent.
The rats in this city are getting even fucking worse.
Do another lap around and we'll make sure everything's good and you can drop me off.
No problem, boss.
Okay.
Of course.
Of course I will.
Nailed it.
Thanks Joe.
Thanks Goomba.
Shelly St Blythe.
Shelly shows up in a, uh, it's a nice town car from like the nineties.
It would have been gorgeous when it was bought new.
Now it's looking a little raggedy and he's pulling up and uh, he sees Jimmy and they
kind of make eye contact.
Jimmy like shoes.
You're like shoes.
He's like, no, no, no, no, no.
Jimmy?
Jimmy, is that you?
God dammit.
Uh, meat hook, uh, you are hearing this, uh, this Jimmy call.
I walk over and I slam on the hood of his Jeep.
What are you doing here?
You live here?
What the fuck, kid?
What are you doing here?
What am I doing here?
I was told to be here.
Were you told to be here?
I was told to be here, but I drove here in my sensible vehicle.
I didn't take the sewers like a fucking turtle.
Oh, so you got things to say about my mode of transportation.
We don't all have a fancy four wheeled vehicle, like two motorcycles with the house in the middle.
Jimmy gets a, gets a flash of recognition and he's like, wait a minute.
Every third Thursday when I pick my kids up from finger painting, I see them out there.
I show him a picture of the kids and I'm like, you probably see them with Barbara, my estranged wife.
First of all, you shouldn't show strange people that crawl out of the sewer pictures of your kids.
Second of all.
First things first.
They're just on my mind a lot, you know, lately.
I never seen your Barbara.
I never seen your kids.
I never seen a single finger paint in my life.
You must be thinking of some other trash lady.
At that time, uh, Vincenty is, walks up, he like pulls a cigarette out of his, uh, cigarette case and taps it and lights it up.
He's like, well, I never seen nobody look like a fucking rat like you.
Okay.
You just beat up on me today.
What is this?
What are you doing here?
Who are you?
You look fancy.
Are those, uh, spats on your shoes?
You know what a spat is, but you don't know what cars are.
I didn't say I didn't know what it was.
I just said I didn't have access.
I didn't have the means.
Do you want to start smoking?
Do you smoke cigarettes?
Usually just butts I pick up off the ground, but yeah, I'll take a freshie.
Here you go.
He gives her a fresh cigarette.
This is the part of our Christian podcast where we introduce like an obvious moral dilemma.
Do you smoke?
Do you want to start smoking?
Hey, Meat Hook, do you want to start smoking?
He gives her a couple of cigarettes and lights one for her.
And then he looks over.
He's like, Oh, you're the, you're the crystal doctor.
Oh yeah.
Shelly St. Blythe.
You know me.
Yeah.
You never returned my letters when I was asking about the sky stuff, but you're more of an
earth guy.
The star crystals.
Yes.
I remember.
Yeah.
We can talk about this once we get into our mission, but I got lots.
I got your brain, your whole brain.
I'm going to pick it.
Oh, and not in the way that I usually pick people's brains.
Oh, sounds ominous.
Like, you know, and he starts walking into the house.
She says, are you a surgeon?
He's just walking away.
In a way kid.
I fear that that man is not a surgeon.
The door opens as some of you approach.
You see a woman that you've seen before, uh, looking at two of you at a time, nose crooked,
crinkled off to the side this time.
However, she is just extremely gone.
So small.
I mean, maybe four stone.
Hey, what happened to your hand?
You've doubled in size.
You look bigger than me.
You look good.
All right.
Thank you.
Get in.
Esther.
It's Ruth.
Ruth.
How are you?
Oh, it's, it's Rachel and Lazarus, whichever, whichever.
Come on in.
And as you guys walk into this house, immediately you're hit with a stench of cat piss, like
thorough, thorough cat piss.
Just like that horrible, horrible acidic smell is just climbing up into your nostrils, stinging
your eyes.
And this house matches when it comes to whether it's clean or not.
Cause it's not, it's super, super gross.
And she says, how about we go with Moses on this one?
All right.
Now you'll see that I've been busy and you see papers, maps everywhere, circles, numbers,
dates all around.
You see she's written Holy cow farms on one of these maps and she kind of points at it
and she's like, this is your mission.
Okay.
Dr. Brock Hargrave.
Oh, God damn it.
Do you remember him?
Yes, I'm familiar.
Jimmy here.
Jimmy, uh, first of all, the scent of the cat piss and then the mention of that name,
he is having horrifying images of the, oh yeah, of the cat statue, slain half an archeological
team.
Yes, that's right.
Whoa.
Are you all right, man?
I didn't mean to be so rude about your kids.
I'm sorry.
You can't afford a car.
Thanks.
You look shook though.
You never smelled cat piss before?
Not like this.
Well, once.
Real grip.
Listen kid, I pray you never smell cat piss like this.
Honestly, this is a step up from my place.
Oh, right.
You live in the sewer or something?
You hear a dishwasher and meat hook is like, what is that?
I got a 19.
I'm fine.
Taj Mahal over here.
Years of practicing that tense situations and suppressing his own emotions come to his
service and he just pushes it down to his toes.
And with that, you're able to kind of give a quick glance around as you hold your grip
on reality.
You glance around, you notice that just within this small room and kind of the rooms around
you, you don't see a cat.
You don't see any cat toys.
You don't see a litter box, um, nothing to that.
All right.
So, um, all right.
I guess, uh, and she goes to the table and is like, I guess we'll, we'll talk here.
And she just shoves all of these papers off of the table onto the ground and puts that
map down that she, uh, takes off all these pins, uh, from it off the wall, slams it down.
It says, Holy cow farm.
She's like, this is, this is where, um, Dr. Brock Hargrave has been working and, uh, he
went missing.
One of his coworkers also went missing, you know, he's on the list.
We need to find him.
We need to figure out what happened.
What's this list of yours.
What's your interest in this guy?
He was after something that we were looking into and he, uh, clearly maybe fell prey to
the vector.
But, um, that's why we're sending in you is to figure out what happened.
The vector.
Yeah.
Vector is the word that we use sometimes to describe an unnatural incursion, like, like
what you saw and looks at you too, like what you saw and looks at meat hook.
Like what you know is real.
I was born knowing I don't have to see nothing to know what people think is real.
That's not what's really real.
Ruth.
You're telling me this kid has never experienced the mythos and you're bringing her in on something
like this.
This kid has skills that you need.
Okay.
I just parkour, try and climb up the wall.
All right.
Roll.
Okay.
That's a 3,250.
On top of the fridge.
You see me, holy fuck.
This kid's good.
Is this a vector?
I am the vector.
That's what I'm saying is that, you know, she, uh, she seems to have skills that may
come into some play here.
So I'm not denying her skills, but nobody knows what's going to happen to their mind
when they get exposed to, to the truth.
That's kind of the best part of the whole thing is that meat hook here already kind
of believes the truth.
Believe in what you see on the internet and seeing in real life are two different things.
There's no way this kid has the internet.
That's a, that's a trenchant point.
Look at you.
But there's a library down the street and then like, well, several sewer streets away.
I'm thinking this kid might have a place in my moon rock store after this.
Your moon rock store.
Moon rock store.
We'll see.
We got to prove yourself, but you can climb like crazy and I need a climb.
You need a climber.
Are you serious?
No one's ever given me a legit job before because of the smell.
Well I smoked too many cigarettes to smell anything.
So okay.
I never thought I'd say this, but I, I think I have a good initial first impression of
you.
Likewise kid.
Now let's go to the stinky shit cow farm.
And you see that it's actually the map where it's circled.
It is in a business district and it is just an office building.
Damn.
Ruth, do you know the sewers around here?
Around all the cow farms?
I'm sorry.
Meat hook.
How could you confuse the name meat hook for Ruth?
Look at this tattoo.
It's admittedly, it's admittedly an incredibly difficult mistake to make.
Do I look like a Ruth to you?
She holds out her lip.
Oh, is that the entire text of weapons and clears the jungle?
How did you know?
In stick and poke?
No one's ever guessed that before.
I love that book.
I've, I've got it memorized.
I would recognize that anywhere, but that must have taken weeks.
You know, it's like a 700 page book, so we're still working on it, but, uh, we at least
got the prologue, my boy fish face.
He's a good start.
Fish face pokes his head in and he's like, yeah, he's been following fish face.
I told you I'm striking out on my own.
You can't come on this mission.
Sorry.
He'll be here if we need him.
If you ever call for him, he's, he's home.
Ruth you're telling me these two urchins who are so obviously in love, one of whom has
just gotten the first and legitimate employment opportunity of her life.
You're going to send them out untested on an operation.
We're not meant to be together.
I know it seems that way.
I know it looks like we're very compatible.
It didn't work out.
I don't want to get into details.
Fish face knows.
No, I'm cool with it.
Okay.
See, I think that this is going to be fine for these exact reasons.
Um, he does, he seems like he's cool with it.
Yeah, I'm cool with it.
I guess it's okay if she dies.
Yeah.
Ruth, Moses, whatever kind of looks at you with just kind of a nod that I can die.
What?
Hey kid, if you keep up the climbing around crawling like a little, little rat child,
you're going to survive.
Fine.
And if all else fails, get behind Jimmy.
That's always been my plan.
You get behind the doctor getting behind me.
Oh, that Jimmy.
Sorry.
Uh, Vincenze really looks like a Jimmy.
He does.
Yeah.
I've heard it all my life.
All right.
Well, uh, I'm pretty quick.
Thanks for noticing.
What's the game plan?
Well, do they know we're coming?
Uh, no, I mean we can, we can, she kind of points to an area in the corner where there's
some like a laminator and a printer.
And she's like, I can dolly up some, whatever kind of ID you want here, uh, to get into
the building.
If you, if you want to start there or, uh, you guys can just go break into his house
or you, you know, I mean, whichever one you feel, why don't you get those credentials
ready while we break into his house?
The missing doctor's house.
Okay.
That's interesting.
I mean, that's why you're here, right?
But did he go missing from Holy cow farms or did he go missing from his home?
Okay.
So one of them went missing at work.
The coworker went missing at work, but Dr. Brock Hargrave left that same day and then
didn't come back in.
So coworker never clocked out and Dr. Hargrave left and never came back.
Sounds like Hargrave killed his friend.
Yeah.
It sounds a lot like that.
Doesn't it?
But for what?
It's always money.
If I know anything about crime scenes, uh, which I mean, why would I, uh, but maybe we
should try to get some evidence at the holy cow farms and then present it to the doctor,
uh, in order to take him in.
You're going to show the evidence of how he killed his friend to him, right.
To make him turn himself in.
Maybe not turn himself in, but have some sort of mental break and we can nab him then.
Yeah, we could put on a play where we recreate what happens.
So he's forced to confess out of guilt.
I can put on quite a play with my puppets.
I'm sorry.
You're what?
My puppets, of course.
I can put on a puppet play.
Okay fancy man, you got puppets on you?
Thank you.
You've noticed.
And he kind of straightens his jacket.
Those were in your jacket the whole time?
Doc.
Yes.
This one here.
This is.
Who's that?
This is Craig.
Mile.
Craig Mile.
What is Craig Mile?
What does Craig Mile look like?
He's one of my actors.
He's got a long nose and makeup around the eyes and his hair's yarn.
Doc, how many times do I have to tell you we can only pack essentials on missions?
Craig Mile is essential.
He makes the puppet look up at him at St. Blythe and then look away and then look back.
No, he was joking.
You of course are essential.
Okay Craig Mile, I've got some questions for you.
Yes, of course.
You can talk to Craig Mile.
She gets all up in his face.
Tell me the last thing you heard about a doctor named Brock.
Oh, Brock?
Shelly St. Blythe is doing his voice.
Oh, Brock, that asshole?
The guy who thinks he can just walk into a place and all of a sudden he's the talk of
the town?
That he can just discover things?
Like he points at a thing.
Oh, he discovered it?
That kind of guy?
Oh, he gets my blood boiling.
He knew how to twist the thing, Doc.
Craig, I see the value of your puppet friend getting to your inner psychology very easily.
No, no, yes.
Jimmy knows about my history with Hargrave.
He does my job better than me sometimes.
Flashback to Jimmy opening one of his go bags and finding a puppet of himself.
It's called Mean Jimmy and he's clearly confiscated a bunch of smaller puppets.
Yeah, I know about your relationship with Hargrave and the puppets.
Is that going to be an issue on this operation?
What?
I don't believe so.
Pray to God it won't be.
As useful as this puppet thing seems immediately, we're going to have to find some evidence
so that the puppet show can go.
So that there's some verisimilitude to the play that I produce, yes.
This whole sewer thing, how does, are they all connected?
How do we use those?
I don't think you're sewer people.
We should probably go in that fancy, you know, limousine thing you got outside.
It's a sensible suburban vehicle.
Vincenti did come in a stretch escalated.
My eyes can't even comprehend that that is a thing that you could get into.
As long as we don't have to take any turns and it's a straight shot there, we can drive
it.
It does appear to be, but from the map, just a straight shot, but it still seems risky.
That one turn at the end is going to get you.
We can, hey, we can jump out and walk a part of the way if we need.
I don't like doing it, but I walk 30,000 steps a day.
It seems impractical.
I'll page Goomba, my driver.
Oh, I thought that was the purple guy from McDonald's.
That's grimace.
Anyway, no, Goomba is not a big purple monster.
He is my driver and a decent friend of mine.
Got it.
As impractical as it might be, I think, um, we should take the giant Escalade limousine
cause I never ridden in, honestly, like only ridden in a car maybe twice in my life.
You deserve that Escalade kid.
I'll be following, uh, the convoy and also comprising the only other vehicle in the convoy
in my Jeep.
So we're going stealth.
Yeah.
Some constellation.
I was thinking this.
I am now mechanization.
If I lose it on a Wednesday, it'll be cause I was afraid, you'll say it's all just metaphor.
Uh, we did it.
We did it.
We did an episode.
Well shit.
Holy shit.
Easy peasy.
We can get going.
Hell yeah.
Easy peasy.